[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In addition to this, in
November, November 10 of 2009,
just as Lou Elizondo was
stepping up to become
the Executive Director of
the Advanced Aerospace Threat
Identification Project,
the Vatican in Rome,
and that was Pope
Benedict XI, not Francis,
not the progressive, not the
Jesuit guy that they all think
is trying to change the world
in some kind of utopian way.
But Benedict, who was the--
Ratzinger-- Karl
Ratzinger, who was
the head of the Committee for
the doctrine of the Faith,
hardball, tough guy, kind of
the hammer inside the Church.
He is Pope convened a gathering
of the world scientists in Rome
actually at the Castel
Gandolfo, just outside of Rome,
where the papal observatory is.
And they had a week
long discussion
among the world's scientists
with Vatican hierarchy,
including Benedict.
And he gave the directions
to Father José Gabriel Funes,
who was the Jesuit director
of the Pontifical Observatory
at Castel Gandolfo,
to go back into Rome.
And from the official press
room of the Vatican on the 10th
of November of 2009, issued the
following official statement
of the Vatican.
It said, "In light of the
discovery of more and more
of these new exoplanets
that are being discovered
by the launching
by our human family
of these new
spaceborne telescopes,
it has now become
clear that much
sooner than had been
previously anticipated,
our human family is going
to discover life elsewhere
in the universe.
Therefore, the time has arrived
for us to begin the extremely
important discussion of
the profound philosophical
and theological questions that
are posed to our human family
by the discovery of life
elsewhere in the universe."
Now, upon my hearing that
as the former General
Counsel for the
United States Jesuit
headquarters in Washington, in
their social ministry office,
their big national social
ministry office in Washington,
D.C. that deals with major
public policy issues,
ranging everywhere from
thermonuclear weapons
to abortion and poverty
issues and all that.
That in my official capacity
as that former member,
I contacted José Gabriel
Funes and flew to see him.
And within minutes of
beginning of our conversation,
he said, well, in that
statement that we issued,
we are not talking here about
some single cell life form
under some frozen sea
on some distant moon
of some distant planet
and some far off galaxy.
We are talking about
another highly intelligent,
highly technologically
developed, but distinctly
non-human species right here
in our Milky Way Galaxy.
And so the immediate-- the
day immediately following
the testimony of Colonel Grosch
in front of the Congress on July
27 of this year, the United
States Senate Intelligence
Committee passed
unanimously all republicans,
all Democrats voting
in favor of it,
all 17 members of the United
States Senate Intelligence
Committee voted to send to
the floor of the United States
Senate a 64-page amendment to
be added to the 2024 National
Defense Authorization Act.
This is that 1,000 page document
that gets passed every December
covering everything from toilet
seats to tanks and new aircraft
carriers for the
United States military.
And this bill was sponsored
by Chuck Schumer, the Majority
Leader of the United
States Senate,
and Marco Rubio, the extremely
conservative United States
Senator from Florida who was
the Vice Chair of the Senate
Intelligence Committee.
And this bill was put to the
floor of the United States
Senate and it passed 89 to 11.
And the 11 votes against it
were against other portions
of the National Defense
Authorization Act, not this.
So there was unanimous
support for this bill.
And it has been sent back down
to the House of Representatives
for them to vote on this.
Now when it came down to the
house, what the house did,
this group of
eight people that's
in the House of Representatives
that you've heard something
about recently, Matt Gaetz and
Margie Greene and these people.
That what they did
is they succeeded
with the Speaker of the
House, then Kevin McCarthy,
they succeeded in putting
in a dozen amendments,
not to this part of the National
Defense Authorization Act,
left it completely untouched.
But they put into
the General Bill
other things saying that no
money in the military budget
could be spent for
educating anybody
in the military
about racial justice.
Nobody could put any information
in there about birth control.
in there about climate change.
They put in a list
of these amendments.
And that was the reason that
the 11 most liberal senators
in the Senate voted
against the bill.
Otherwise, it would have been
a vote of 100 to nothing.
So now that those
additional crazy amendments
that I don't agree with.
And the people in the
Senate don't agree with.
Now that they're
put in there, there
has to be a conference committee
between the form of it that
was passed by the House and
the form of the thing that
was passed by the Senate.
And so now that, that is
underway, that discussion,
it opens up people to take a
look at these other 64 pages
in there and to see what they
think about these things.
Now what I've done
today is I've come
to you today to talk with you
about this particular bill.
Here it is.
Now this is one of the best
kept secrets in the country
right now.
Better than the secret
about the UFOS, I might add.
And this is the bill itself that
has been passed by the United
States Senate, has been passed
now as part of the National
Defense Authorization
Act in the House side,
but is now in
Conference Committee.
And what I want to do is I want
to talk with you about this,
because the provisions of this
are absolutely revolutionary.
Now that many of you may have
been to Richard Dolan's--
how many people went
to Richard Dolan's?
Good.
OK.
So you heard Richard's who
was a very dear friend of mine
for decades now who doesn't
trust the United States
government and doesn't trust
the national security state
infrastructure, doesn't
trust the major news
media, all of which
are reasons why
I'm very good friends with
Richard Dolan, I might add.
And the reason
that we're friends
is because I did the
Pentagon Papers case.
And I did the
Karen Silkwood case
that revealed the fact that the
Central Intelligence Agency was
smuggling 98% pure bomb
grade plutonium out
of her nuclear facility
to both Israel and Iran.
The fact that I
did the Iran Contra
case that exposed the
fact that the Reagan Bush
administration was smuggling
weapons to the Contras
and smuggling cocaine back
into the United States.
That's the reason why
I don't trust them.
But what's happened here is
because Lou Elizondo reached out
to me when he went forward
and brought these video tapes
to the New York Times.
The reason that he contacted
me to represent him
was because I for 20 years
had been the legal counsel
for the Disclosure Project of
Dr. Steven Greer's Disclosure
Project.
And I was the legal counsel for
Steve Bassett's 2013 citizens
hearing on disclosure.
And of course, he knew that
I was John Mack's lawyer.
So it wasn't a random decision
on his part to contact me,
to have me represent him.
This was to make
it clear that he
was sincere about wanting to
get this information disclosed.
And so what's happened here
is that because of that,
I have gotten to be
introduced by Lou Elizondo
to a lot of the people,
the players who've
been involved in drafting
this particular statute.
So I know who drafted it.
I know the discussions
that have gone on
with regard to particular
provisions of this.
And this is why--
this is why our new
Paradigm Institute
that I run in
Washington, D.C. has
been named as one
of the nine entities
that has been authorized by
Congress to nominate persons
to participate in a
nine-person board that is going
to be extracting all of
the information about UFOs
and all of the information about
extraterrestrial intelligence
and other non-human intelligence
and turn it over to this board.
And then turn it over to the
Senate and House Intelligence
Committees.
And the other ones are the
Majority Leader of the Senate,
the Minority Leader
of the Senate,
the Majority Leader or
Speaker of the House,
the Minority Leader
of the House,
the Secretary of Defense and
others, and our Institute.
So we find ourselves
in a position
as representing the people,
the people's advocate,
to nominate people to
the president to be
on this nine-person board.
And that this board is
authorized by the statute
not only to extract the
information from all six
of the United States
military services and all 18
of the United
States intelligence
agencies and all 32 of the
United States Defense Department
agencies.
And importantly, all of
the government contractors,
private corporate contractors to
extract all of the information
from them that they have come
into possession of since January
1st of 1945 relating to the UFO
phenomenon and any non-human
intelligence connected with it.
And that, as Richard has said,
Richard isn't entirely convinced
that this is going
to be effective
because of how deeply buried
some of this information is.
But the bottom line is, is that
what I've come here tonight
to tell you, that the
people's advocate,
our office is on the job to
make sure that does take place.
And that we have been
effective in the past,
not only in getting
at the information
in the top secret
Pentagon papers,
not only getting access
to the secret information
about the smuggling of
plutonium by the CIA
to Israel and Iran
and the other things.
But we know how to get at
this kind of information.
If, in fact, these agencies
and these private corporations
are withholding information,
we will find out about it.
And what we are
going to do is we
are going to mobilize the
American people to take
the position that all
of this information
is to be turned over to
the United States Congress.
Because the excluding
of the United States
Congress from this
extraordinarily valuable
information is a violation of
the Constitution of our United
States.
The Congress of
the United States
is the government of
our United States.
They pass the laws.
They make the policy.
The executive branch
is there to enforce it.
But not to make it up themselves
and not to keep secrets
from the Congress.
Now, that raises
the question as to
whether or not it is
appropriate for the Congress
to know certain secrets
that they do not
reveal to the public.
And we'll put a little
tack in that one
and we'll talk about that.
But the move that we're engaged
in with this particular statute
is to get this
information transferred
into the hands of Congress.
And then we'll deal
with the question
as to whether Congress
is revealing enough
of the information to us.
Now what I've done is
I've brought this with us
here today because I
want to be able to--
I mean, I couldn't
have asked for anything
better than for Richard to
introduce this subject to you
with all of his extraordinarily
important and sincerely
heartfelt reservations about it.
Because, I mean, if I
thought that this was just
going to work like
that, I'd be down
in the Bahamas taking it easy.
I'd actually get to spend
time with my wife and children
finally.
But the bottom line is,
I don't have confidence
that it's going to be easy.
I think it's going to have to be
extracted one piece at a time.
And for that reason, I'm
in direct communication
with the people who
wrote this statute.
I'm involved in
helping to nominate
the people who are going to
be on this nine-person board.
I have recommended that my
constitutional law professor
from Harvard, Larry
Tribe, Laurence Tribe,
be on this committee to protect
the constitutional integrity
of the Congress, to protect the
right of the people to know,
and to be able to advocate that
aggressively and effectively
inside the group.
And so what I wanted
to do is I wanted
to be able to
share with you some
of the particular provisions
of this, which might and will
undoubtedly surprise you.
The most important thing
about the whole bill
is that what it does is
it sets up this board.
It is called the UAP
or UFO Disclosure Act.
That's what this bill is.
And it sets up this board,
which is called the UFO or UAP
record review board.
And it's to review every single
record and every single piece
of material, whether
it's technology
or biological
evidence that has come
into the possession of the
United States government
or any agency of it or
any government contractor.
And they are asserting in
this statute eminent domain
over all of that property.
They are taking
custody of it away
from these private
contractors and putting it
into the hands of the
United States people.
And this board is charged with--
very importantly also getting--
they're going to
under this law, they
give every one of
these agencies.
The six military departments,
the 18 intelligence agencies,
the 32 defense
department agencies,
and all of these
private contractors,
they give each of them 300 days
from the seating of this panel
to gather all of that
information together that they
have acquired since
January 1st of 1945.
And put it into
digital form and have
it searchable to put
it into that form
and turn it over to the board.
And then that board
has to within 180 days
make public every
piece of information
that is more than 25 years old.
Which dates all the
way back to Roswell,
which dates all the way
back to White Sands.
It goes all the way
back to before 1998.
Every piece of information
that was acquired
by our government or any
of these people before 1998
has to be turned over and
made public within 180 days,
unless the President
of the United States
himself specifically
moves to postpone
the public revelation of that
particular piece of information.
OK.
Now, each of the
agencies that I've
mentioned, the six United
States military services
and intelligence agencies
and et cetera, each of them,
when they proffer the
information to this board,
they can put in an application
to have information postponed
from public revelation.
Now all of us who have
been in Washington, D.C.
For 20 years or more
will know that they're
going to apply for
every single thing
they come up with
to be postponed.
And so this board
has to realize that,
so that in a sense, each
assertion of privacy that they
want to maintain over a
particular piece of information
is going to be
devalued for the fact
that they're doing it
for everything, which
is the same problem, the
same mistake they made
in the Pentagon Papers case.
Because they wouldn't designate
any particular thing that they
wanted to keep secret.
And so therefore, they lost
the whole kit and caboodle.
And so if they do
that in this case,
I can just tell you, the
lawyer for the New York Times
and the Pentagon Papers case is
going to be on the job to say,
OK, I've seen this before.
If you aren't going to
particularize a particular thing
and let the rest of
it become public,
we're going to beat you
flat out and it's all
going to be made public.
But they're going to have
to file that application
with the President
of the United States
to cover everything before 1998.
Otherwise, that information
has to be made public.
So that means that
the board itself
isn't even the one
that's going to decide
to OK that postponement.
Now with regard to everything
from 1998 up until the present,
that the board has to make
a decision whether they
agree with the postponement.
If they don't agree
with the postponement,
that information
has to be released
to the public within 180 days.
So that this period of 180 days
following the 300 days that all
the agencies get to
codify the information
and put it together in
digital form and make it
retrievable and all
that, that 180 days.
So you start from the time of
the sitting of this panel, 480
days, you can just
start counting 480 days,
just a ton of
information is going
to have to be revealed
to the American public,
unless the President
of the United States
has specifically postponed a
particular piece of information.
Now, very importantly,
everybody-- and this
is where Richard says,
yeah, well, they're
all going to try
to postpone it all.
What it says is that any piece
of information that is postponed
has to go into a special file.
And this board has to design
and give it to the president
governing that information a UFO
controlled disclosure campaign
plan.
So that means that they have to
make that information public.
In addition to the other
information that has already
been made public in
the first 180 days,
they have to reveal
all of that information
pursuant to a specific
disclosure program.
So what we have, what
this statute is doing
is creating a presidentially
administered disclosure
program on the
UFO phenomenon and
extraterrestrial intelligence.
And people would say,
well, how long a period
can they postpone this?
There's a sunset clause in this
statute of seven years, which
means that the administration
that is elected in November
of 2024, a year from now,
basically, that administration,
that four-year period, and then
the three years of the following
administration, that's
when the disclosures
all during that period
of time has to be made.
Now people will say, why
should we wait seven years?
We're going to try to keep it
a lot less than seven years.
That's our job.
The new Paradigm
Institute has the offices.
We have the only civilian office
inside the federal enclave
on Capitol Hill, the
new Paradigm Institute.
We have the offices that
are immediately adjacent
to the Senate
Intelligence building
and between them and the
United States Supreme Court.
And we are there meeting
every day with people
from the Senate Intelligence
committee, the House
Intelligence committee, the
House Armed Services committee,
et cetera.
And we are the ones
who are also nominating
the people to be on this board.
So what we're going
to be trying to do
is to try to accelerate
the revelation,
the public revelation
of this information
to the greatest extent possible.
And very importantly,
another task
that we're going
to be performing,
the New Paradigm Institute is
when the information is released
by them, we are going to be
combing through it in detail
and putting it into a format
to make public to everybody
so that it can be
easily understood
and can be researched.
And we can attach
appendices to it
that you'll have the
original actual documents,
and you'll have a summation of
it with footnotes and details.
That's what our staff
is going to be doing.
So we are going to be the
people's advocate with regard
to this information and get this
information out to the public.
And we're also going
to be going back in
to try to extract whatever
information has already
been postponed.
Now, what that's
going to do is it's
going to confront us with this
fundamental question, which
we want to have some
discussion about tonight.
And that is, is there
any credence at all
to their argument that
there is information here
that needs to be concealed from
the American public and the rest
of the world?
Now, obviously, people in what
they call the legacy group that
has been holding on
to this information
and lying about it
for all these decades
has all kinds of ideas as to why
it is so catastrophic to reveal
this information.
But they're the same people
that said the same thing
about the Pentagon papers.
And it just isn't true.
So what we're going
to be doing is
we're going to be, in
a sense, litigating
against them to try to
drive that information
to the absolute minimum.
And we're going to
try to determine
what it is that they're
using for their rationale
to try to keep it secret.
And then we have
to evaluate that.
Now all of that,
we're going to be
doing by refusing to accept
any security clearances.
We're not going to do that
because if you accept a security
clearance, they're
going to try to put you
in prison for every single
piece of information
you put out that they don't
want people to know about.
And they're going
to insist that you
got that information because
you had the security clearance.
And that isn't true.
I can tell you it's
kind of a strange story.
But when we were doing the
Iran-Contra case, Bob Fink,
who was the investigator
for Bella Abzug.
Bella was the United States
Congressperson from Manhattan.
And she chaired the
House Judiciary Committee
on Individual Rights.
And he was her investigator
during the Church Committee
hearings.
And he said, look,
do not ever, ever,
ever agree to take
a security clearance
because you, Danny,
he said, I've
worked with you now
for a long time.
I know that you can find
out virtually anything
you want to find out about.
And you don't want to have a
security clearance, so that you
can then remain free to
tell the people about what
it is that you have found out.
And that is the principle
that we're following.
We're not going to take
a security clearance.
We're going to dig in
and get this information.
We're going to get contributions
from people around the country
to be able to hire
the proper staff.
We've hired people that are
very, very knowledgeable.
People who do have
security clearances,
in point of fact,
who are able to get
at all kinds of information.
And they will be
exercising their judgment
about what it is
that they can tell us
while still preserving their
national security clearances.
And so we are going
to have access
to that kind of information.
All right.
And so that in addition to
those particular activities
that they're going to
have, it's very important
to understand that this statute
gives to this board subpoena
power.
Now, it's a little
strange, but it's
what they have the right to
do under this statute is apply
to the attorney general
of the United States
to have the attorney
general of the United States
go to a federal district court
and get the court to affirm
the subpoena from this board.
Now, one of our jobs at
the New Paradigm Institute
is to try to streamline that
process as much as possible so
that it doesn't just drag out.
This just isn't a way of
obfuscating and pushing back
against us.
We want to set up a
streamlined process
by means of which the
subpoena can be issued.
It can go to the
attorney general.
court right away
and get this on a fast track
to get rulings from the court
to speed this process up so that
they can exercise their power
to extract this information
not only from the government
agencies, but very importantly
from the private contractors.
So that, that issue
of the exercise
of eminent domain by taking
official custody and ownership
of all that information
and the subpoena power
to go and get the information
and hold them in contempt
of court if they
don't give it to you
are powerful tools of
this particular statute.
Therefore, it shouldn't
be too surprising--
it shouldn't be too surprising
that those particular portions
of this particular
statute now are starting
to generate some opposition.
For example, the chairman of the
House Intelligence Committee,
his name is Michael Turner.
He is from the 10th
district in Ohio,
the 10th congressional district.
It is the home of
Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, the place to which the
UFO from Roswell was taken.
And we also are
getting some opposition
from Michael Rogers, who is
the chair of the House Armed
Services Committee.
He comes from the third
congressional district
in Alabama, which is right next
door to the Redstone rocket
missile range.
And it is the major
facility where
they are trying to
apply technology
from the back engineered UFOs
to develop a super missile that
can travel at supersonic
speeds like the UFOs,
so they can make a missile that
can be launched against China
or Russia or whoever
the enemy of this period
is that can't be stopped.
And so that we have these
two particular individuals--
Michael Turner from the
10th district of Ohio,
and we have Michael Rogers,
the chairman of the House Armed
Services Committee from the
third district in Alabama.
These are two people that all
of you should call every single
friend you have, every single
family member that you have who
come from the 10th congressional
district in Ohio and/or
the third congressional district
in Alabama and have them write
to their Congressman and insist
that this Schumer bill be left
intact in the Conference
Committee between the House
and the Senate.
It's a very specific ask
that I'm asking here.
This is homework that you have,
and that I want to be interested
that while it's
entertaining to come
to an event like this on the
weekend, it's informative.
It's interesting.
But the fact of the matter is
that we as the American people
are in a unique position
in the whole world
as only the 4.3% of the
people in the population
of the whole planet who
have the kind of power that
can force these people to
turn over this information
and be able to make it public.
And so that you
have to do some work
and you have to get your
family and your friends
to do some work.
The reality is, is that almost
everybody with a political IQ
above room temperature is
excited about this issue now.
They're saying, Holy shit.
You mean it's real?
After all this time of
people rolling their eyes
and doing the tinfoil hat thing
with the antennas that you mean
this is real?
The answer is yes.
This is real.
And so what I want
to do that we have
here tonight, in
addition to asking
you to do that, there are--
just so that we'll
have a record of it.
That's why I've asked
the guys to make sure
that the video on
this is done well
is that there are a few other
people that I want to put on
the record here for you.
So get a copy of this because
it's going to be hard for you
to remember because you didn't
bring your pen and notepads,
what have you, is that you want
to get not only Mike Turner from
the 10th CD in Ohio, you want to
get Scott Austin from the eighth
congressional
district in Georgia.
He's in South Central
Georgia where--
Macon, Georgia.
OK.
He's on the House Armed
Services Committee.
And he's also on the House
Intelligence Committee.
So he's on the committee that
both of these other guys chair
that are trying to
resist this bill.
You also want to get a
hold of Elise Stefanik.
She's out of the 21st
congressional district in New
York.
That's up in Lake George,
up in the Adirondacks,
up in Glens Falls and
Albany and Saratoga
up there, that call
all your friends.
I happen to come from there.
I haven't been born
in Glens Falls.
So I'm calling all
of my relatives
who are going to
say oh, no, here
comes Danny with another one.
But anyway, then there's
also Trent Kelly.
He's in the 1st congressional
district of Mississippi.
That's down in
Oxford, Mississippi,
where Ole Miss is in Tupelo.
And then there is
Mike Gallagher in
the eighth
congressional district
in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
These are specific
people that I want
you to find out who lives
in those particular areas
and get them to
call these people.
And what they're going to say,
I can tell you when they say,
wait a second, somebody from
Glens Falls is calling me,
telling us that they want us to
keep the Schumer bill intact.
Holy mackerel, I'd better
pay more attention to this.
I can tell you that's how
this democracy works here.
So what I'm saying is that we've
got to get busy on this thing.
This is an extraordinarily
important moment.
Most everybody here
has spent years
interested in this
particular subject,
or you wouldn't have come all
the way here to this thing.
And so that what this is,
is some specific details
that you can do.
It's not hard.
It's not really hard.
It's like a little salon.
You could actually
convene a little salon
or like a book club
with your friends.
Get them Richard's
two volume work
of the UFOs and the
national security state
and go through it with
them and say, Holy shit,
I didn't know this was true.
And look at their private
documents in here,
there's the twining letter.
He was the commander of the
United States Air Force.
He wrote a letter
to the president
saying these UFOs are real.
They're metallic vehicles.
They're flying all around.
And we think they're
extraterrestrial.
And that's in 1948 or something.
So what I'm saying is
that you can do this.
It's not hard work.
It can be entertaining.
It can be fun.
And it can help save the world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]